We're going to start off by looking how we can select a radio button.
A radio button is a very common HTML element, and it's a little bit difficult
to figure out how do I select a particular radio button?
You can see here is some typical HTML code that you might
have that would display some radio buttons,
red, green,
blue, and we're going to want to be able to select
one of these individual colors.
Oftentimes, radio buttons don't have an ID, so we can just select
by name or we could select by the tag itself.
Usually, going by the name is good because it's going to
give us the correct group of radio buttons.
We can then, of course, select multiple elements and pick the index,
and that's the strategy that we're going to use.
We're also going to show you how to do testing when you don't necessarily
have a web page that has what you want consistently.
We're just going to create an HTML page.
We're going to load that up in Selenium,
even though it's not existing out there on the web. Let's go ahead and do that and see how we can select that radio button.